    [train chugging]
    Applejack: Hoo-wee! Your very first princess summit. You must be over the moon, Twilight.
    Twilight Sparkle: Oh, I am excited. But, to be honest, I'm a little nervous, too.
    Pinkie Pie: You're 'nervicited'! It's like you wanna jump up and down and yell "YAY ME!!" But you also wanna curl up in a teeny-tiny ball and hide at the same time! We've all been there!
    Fluttershy: I'm there almost every day.
    Applejack: You've got no reason to fret, Twi. Everything's gonna be just–
    Rarity: TWILIGHT! Oh, sorry, darling, but I just realized you're not wearing your crown. You haven't forgotten it back in Ponyville, have you?
    Twilight Sparkle: It's in my bag. Just feel a little self-conscious about wearing it. Haven't really gotten accustomed to these yet, either.
    Rarity: You are a princess now, Twilight. Embrace it! I'm telling you, if I had a crown like that, I would never take it off. Why, I'd sleep in the thing.

    [horn fanfare]
    Flash Sentry: Her highness, Princess Twilight Sparkle!
    Princess Cadance: [laughs] Twilight! I haven't seen you since the coronation!
    Princess Celestia: We have so much to discuss. But it can wait until tomorrow. You all look tired from your journey. Now, off to bed, all of you.
    [excited conversation]

    Twilight Sparkle: [sigh]
    Spike: What's wrong, Twilight?
    Twilight Sparkle: I don't know, Spike. I'm just... worried, I guess. Princess Cadance was given the Crystal Empire to rule over. What if, now that I'm a princess, Celestia expects me to lead a kingdom of my own?
    Spike: That would be awesome!
    Twilight Sparkle: No, it would not! Just because I have this crown and these wings, it doesn't mean I'll be a good leader!
    Spike: Aw, sure ya will, Twilight. Now c'mon, you should get some shut-eye. Big day tomorrow! [sigh]
    Twilight Sparkle: [grunts] Can't... tuck...! [grunts]
    [twang]
    Twilight Sparkle: Just trying to get comfortable! Ugh!

    [remixed theme song]

    [crickets chirping]
    [hoofsteps]
    [door creaks]
    Spike: [snoring]
    Sunset Shimmer: Ugh!
    Spike: Huh? What?
    Twilight Sparkle: [yawns] My crown! She's got my crown! Stop! Thief! She's stolen my crown!
    Rest of main cast: [gasps]
    Twilight Sparkle: Stop! [grunts]
    [clatter]
    Main cast: [gasps]
    Twilight Sparkle: What did you do with my crown?
    Sunset Shimmer: Sorry it had to be this way... Princess.
    Main cast: [gasps]
    Fluttershy: Who was that?

    Princess Celestia: Sunset Shimmer. A former student of mine. She began her studies with me not long before Twilight. But when she did not get what she wanted as quickly as she liked, she turned cruel and dishonest. I tried to help her, but she eventually decided to abandon her studies and pursue her own path. One that has sadly led to her stealing your crown.
    Spike: She replaced Twilight's with this one.
    Princess Celestia: I suppose Sunset Shimmer thought you wouldn't notice right away that this was not yours. And by the time you did, it would be too late to go after your crown and Element of Harmony.
    Twilight Sparkle: But I don't understand. Where did she go? Where did she take the crown?
    Princess Celestia: You'll soon know more about this place than even I do.

    Princess Luna: This is no ordinary mirror. It is a gateway to another world. A gateway that opens once every thirty moons.
    Pinkie Pie: Sparkly!
    Princess Luna: It has always been kept in the throne room of Canterlot Castle. But when Princess Cadance took over the Crystal Empire, we sent it here for her to watch over.
    Princess Celestia: [sigh] I had always hoped that Sunset Shimmer would someday use it to return, to come back to Equestria seeking my guidance. Obviously, this is not what has happened.
    Princess Cadance: Twilight, you must use the mirror to go into this other world and retrieve your crown. Without it, the other Elements of Harmony have no power and Equestria is left without one of its most important means of defense.
    Princess Luna: Your crown does not belong in the place Sunset Shimmer now calls home. And in her possession, your Element of Harmony will no doubt be used to bring harm to the inhabitants of this other realm. They will not have the power to defend themselves.
    Princess Celestia: You understand the importance of your task?
    Twilight Sparkle: Of course.
    Princess Celestia: Good. Then you must go at once.
    Twilight Sparkle: [sigh]
    Rainbow Dash: Whoa, whoa, whoa! She's going, we're going with her.
    Pinkie Pie: [squee]
    Rainbow Dash: Right, girls?
    Pinkie Pie: Oooh! I'm so 'nervicited'!
    Applejack: You do realize that's not a real word, right?
    Princess Celestia: I'm afraid I can't let you go.
    Rainbow Dash: What?! Why not?!
    Princess Celestia: Sending all of you could upset the balance of this alternate world, creating havoc that would make it impossible for Twilight to get the crown back from Sunset Shimmer. This is something Princess Twilight must do alone.
    Princess Luna: Time is of the essence. On the third day, when the moon reaches its peak in the night sky, the gateway will close. And once it does, it will be another thirty moons before you will be able to use it to return.
    Rest of main cast: [remarks of encouragement] Spike, NO!
    Twilight Sparkle: Whoa! Aaaah!
    Spike: [yelping]

    Twilight Sparkle: [groan]
    Spike: Uh, Twilight?
    Twilight Sparkle: Huh? Spike! You're not supposed to– Spike? Are you a... dog?
    Spike: I... think so. But I have no idea what you are!
    Twilight Sparkle: Huh? [screams] [panting]
    Spike: Twilight, you have to get it together!
    Twilight Sparkle: [heavy breathing] [sigh] What... does the rest of me look like?
    Spike: Um, like you. Only not you. Your muzzle's really small.
    Twilight Sparkle: My muzzle?! [panics]
    Spike: Are you gonna scream again? Where are we?
    Twilight Sparkle: I don't know. But that must serve as the gateway back to Equestria. We need to find my crown as soon as possible and get back there. I suggest we start searching the castle first.
    Spike: Works for me. Yeah, I don't think that's how the new you is supposed to–
    [dog pants and whines]
    Twilight Sparkle: Whooaaa... Whoa! Ooh... [laughs nervously] C'mon, Spike. I do not wanna be like this for longer than I have to.
    Spike: Well, look on the bright side. You don't have those pesky wings to worry about anymore.
    [thud]
    Twilight Sparkle: Hmm! [grunts] [gasps] My magic! It isn't working!
    Spike: Makes sense. You don't exactly have your horn.
    Twilight Sparkle: What?!
    Spike: We really need to find you a mirror.

    Twilight Sparkle: What do ya think, Spike? Other artifacts she's stolen from Equestria? [gasps] What am I?
    [school bell rings]
    [scattered conversations]
    Twilight Sparkle: Huh? Oof!
    Flash Sentry: Whoa. You okay?
    Spike: I don't think this is a castle.

    [Twilight Sparkle]

        I've never seen a place
        That's quite like this
        Everything is turned around
        This crazy world is upside-down

        Getting on my feet
        It's the hand that I was dealt
        But I don't have much time with them
        Got to learn all that I can

        They don't use any magic or fly with any wings
        I don't get these funny clothes, skinny legs or tiny nose
        Everything's confusing when it seems so new
        But I look a little closer and it starts to feel familiar too

        What a strange new world (what a strange new world)
        I'm trying to make heads or tails of this strange new world (what a strange new world)
        Sorting through the small details of this strange new world

        What a strange new world

    Fluttershy: Oh, I'm really sorry. I-I just found it, and-and I thought I should give it to her. I didn't know you had dropped it.
    Sunset Shimmer: Well, I did! And I was about to get it before you swooped in and ruined everything! You shouldn't pick up things that don't belong to you.
    Fluttershy: [hushed] It... doesn't really belong to you, either.
    Sunset Shimmer: Excuse me?!
    Fluttershy: N-n-nothing...
    Sunset Shimmer: That's what I thought. It's as good as mine, and you know it. You really are pathetic. It's no wonder your best friends are all stray animals.
    Twilight Sparkle: How dare you speak to her that way!
    Sunset Shimmer: What did you say?
    Twilight Sparkle: I said, "How dare you speak to her that way!"
    Sunset Shimmer: You must be new here. I can speak to anyone any way I want.
    [locker door shuts]
    Fluttershy: I can't believe you did that!
    Twilight Sparkle: I couldn't just stand there.
    Fluttershy: Well, it's just that nobody ever stands up to Sunset Shimmer.
    Twilight Sparkle: Sunset Shimmer!?
    Fluttershy: You've heard of her?
    Twilight Sparkle: Sort of...
    Fluttershy: I don't think I've seen you around before. Did you just transfer to Canterlot High from another school?
    Twilight Sparkle: Um... yes! Another... heh, school! My name's Twilight.
    Fluttershy: [very quietly] I'm... Fluttershy.
    Twilight Sparkle: Sorry, what was that?
    Fluttershy: [even quieter] It's Fluttershy!
    Twilight Sparkle: It sounds like you're saying Fluttershy, but how can that...?
    Fluttershy: Oh, my goodness! Who's this sweet little guy?
    Twilight Sparkle: That's Spike! My, uh... dog!
    Fluttershy: Oh, he's so cute! Go on, eat up, little pup!
    Spike: [eats] Huh?
    Fluttershy: Oh, wouldn't ya just give anything to know what they're really thinking?
    Twilight Sparkle: He usually just tells me.
    Fluttershy: Oh, w-what do you mean?
    Spike: [barks]
    Twilight Sparkle: Oh, uh, nothing! (chuckles) Never mind. Sunset Shimmer said you picked something up. Something that belonged to her. It wasn't a crown, was it?
    Fluttershy: How did you know?
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh, lucky guess? Do you still have it?
    Fluttershy: Mm-mm.
    Twilight Sparkle: But you know what happened to it.
    Fluttershy: Mm-hmm. This morning, I was passing out flyers for the animal shelter like I do every Wednesday.

    Fluttershy: Canterlot's animal shelter needs more volunteers. Won't you help an animal that can't help itself?
    [papers fluttering]
    Fluttershy: [whimpers]
    [clunk]
    Fluttershy: Ow!

    Fluttershy: I have no idea how it got there. But I didn't want anything to happen to it, so I decided to give it to Principal Celestia.
    Twilight Sparkle: Principal Celestia? She's the ruler here?
    Fluttershy: You could say that. Technically, I guess she and Vice Principal Luna do make the rules.
    Twilight Sparkle: Where is she now?
    Fluttershy: Probably in her office. Third door on your left.
    Twilight Sparkle: Thank you!
    Fluttershy: Oh, wait! You're not really supposed to have pets on school grounds. Might wanna tuck him into your backpack. That's what I do.
    [cat meows]
    [bird chirps]
    Fluttershy: They just get so lonely when I'm in school all day.
    Twilight Sparkle: Oh, okay! Thank you!
    [school bell rings]
    Fluttershy: Oh, no! I'm late for class!

    [knock knock knock knock]
    Principal Celestia: Come in. How may I help you?
    Twilight Sparkle: Um, uh... Whew. My name's Twilight Sparkle. I-I'm new here, and... Well, I understand that Fluttershy found a crown this morning and gave it to you.
    Principal Celestia: Yes. I've had Vice Principal Luna put it somewhere for safekeeping. No idea how it ended up in the front lawn. Were you interested in running for Princess of the Fall Formal this year?
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh, no. Not exactly. The truth is... Well, the truth is I... You see, the crown is actually... Princess of the Fall Formal?
    Principal Celestia: It's Canterlot High's big Fall dance.
    Twilight Sparkle: Like the Grand Galloping Gala.
    Principal Celestia: Uh, Grand Galloping Gala?
    Twilight Sparkle: Oh, uh, it was a big deal at my old school.
    Principal Celestia: And was there a princess?
    Twilight Sparkle: Yes, but she wasn't exactly a student.
    Principal Celestia: Here at Canterlot High, the students select one of their peers to represent them. She receives her crown at the Fall Formal.
    Twilight Sparkle: Hmm. You asked me if I was interested in running for Princess. Can anyone run?
    Principal Celestia: Yes. You just need to let the head of the Fall Formal planning committee know you'd like to be on the ballot. Was there anything else?
    Twilight Sparkle: Um, nope! That was it!
    Principal Celestia: Well, if you do need anything else, my door is always open.
    [door closes]
    Spike: Twilight, why didn't ya just tell her the crown was yours and ask for it back?
    Twilight Sparkle: Oh, I was going to, but imagine if one of them showed up in Equestria saying they came from a place filled with tall, fleshy, two-legged creatures with these? We'd think they were crazy!
    Spike: Hmm. You make a good point.
    Twilight Sparkle: Looks like if I want my crown back, I'll have to become Princess of the Canterlot High Fall Formal. So that's what I'm gonna do!
    Spike: And how exactly do you plan on doing that?
    Twilight Sparkle: I have no idea!
    [school bell rings]

    [students chatting]
    Twilight Sparkle: I know we've just met, but I was wondering if you might be able to help me with something.
    Fluttershy: Of course!
    Twilight Sparkle: I've decided to run for Princess of the Fall Formal, and–
    Fluttershy: [gasp] Oh! Oh, gosh! Sorry. It's just, oh, running for Fall Formal Princess is a really bad idea.
    Twilight Sparkle: Why?
    Fluttershy: Sunset Shimmer wants to be Fall Formal Princess, and when she wants something, she gets it! She'll make life awful for anyone who stands in her way. Just ask the girl who ran against her for Princess of the Spring Fling.
    Twilight Sparkle: I have to try!
    Fluttershy: Oh, I don't think you understand. You'd have to convince everyone here to vote for you instead of her: the athletes, the fashionistas, the dramas, the eco-kids, the techies, the rockers...
    Twilight Sparkle: Why is everypony–
    [smack]
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh, everybody separated this way?
    Fluttershy: Maybe it was different at your old school, but at CHS, everybody sticks to their own kind. One thing that they do have in common is that they know Sunset Shimmer is gonna rule the school until we graduate.
    Twilight Sparkle: Not if I can help it! [chews apple] So, uh, [giggle] where would I find the head of the party planning committee?

    Twilight Sparkle: Fluttershy said she'd probably be in here.
    Pinkie Pie: Incoming! [breathes in and blows into a balloon]
    Twilight Sparkle: Hi, my name's Twilight Sparkle and... Pinkie Pie?
    [balloon deflates]
    Pinkie Pie: [gasps] Are you psychic?!
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh, no. I don't think so. Unless of course that's something you can do here.
    Pinkie Pie: [sigh] Not usually.
    Twilight Sparkle: Fluttershy said this is where I'd find the head of the Fall Formal planning committee.
    Pinkie Pie: Fluttershy, huh? Don't let the whole "shy" thing fool you. She can be a real meanie.
    Twilight Sparkle: You two aren't friends?
    Pinkie Pie: Waited a bit to get your name on the ballot, huh? Dance is day after tomorrow.
    Twilight Sparkle: I'm brand new here.
    Pinkie Pie: Oooh! I thought you didn't look familiar. Though, now that I'm really lookin' at you... Do you have a twin sister who lives in the city, has a pet dog named Spike that looks just like that one?
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh, maybe?
    Pinkie Pie: Thought so. Anyhoo, just need to fill this out and you are officially up for the coveted Princess of the Fall Formal crown.
    [pen scratching]
    Pinkie Pie: Wow! You have really bad handwriting. It's like you've never held a pen before.
    Twilight Sparkle: [nervous laughter] Is it?
    Applejack: Somebody order a dozen cases of fizzy apple cider?
    Pinkie Pie: Oh! Oh! Me, me-me-me, me, yeah, ha-ha, me!
    Applejack: Can you bring in the rest?
    Big McIntosh: Eeyup.
    Applejack: Hey, I know you.
    Twilight Sparkle: You do?
    Applejack: Sure. You're the new girl who gave Sunset Shimmer the what for today. [gulps cider]
    Pinkie Pie: Twilight Sparkle here is gonna run against Sunset Shimmer for Princess of the Fall Formal.
    Applejack: [spits] I'd think twice about that. Oh, sure, she'll probably approach you all friendly like... [fakes Sunset Shimmer's voice] I sure am lookin' forward to some friendly competition. [fakes Twilight's voice] That's so good to hear. [normal] But then, here comes the backstabbin'.
    [balloon pops]
    Applejack: About the only girl in this school you can trust less than Sunset Shimmer is Rainbow Dash.
    Twilight Sparkle: Rainbow Dash?
    Pinkie Pie: She's the captain of, like, every team at Canterlot High.
    [balloon pops]
    Applejack: She's also the captain of sayin' she's gonna do somethin' for ya, and then turnin' around and not even botherin' to show up.
    Twilight Sparkle: Thanks for the advice, Applejack, but this is something I really need to do.
    Applejack: Huh, suit yourself. Hey, how'd you know my name is Applejack?
    Twilight Sparkle: Um, I uh... [nervous laughter] Didn't you say?
    Big Mac: Nnnope.
    Twilight Sparkle: Well, it sure was nice meeting you both. I'm sure I'll be seeing you around.
    Pinkie Pie: That one's tryin' to hide a secret, but I am totally on to her. [whispering] She's psychic!
    Applejack: Uh-huh. If you say so.
    [doors open]
    Sunset Shimmer: This looks terrible! There should be more streamers near the stage and fewer balloons.
    [balloon pops]
    Snips: Yeah, streamers!
    Snails: And fewer balloons!
    [thud]
    Sunset Shimmer: Fizzy apple cider? Ugh! This is my coronation, not a hoedown.
    Applejack: Well, now, it ain't necessarily gonna be your coronation this time around.
    Sunset Shimmer: Oh, is that so? You country folk really aren't that bright. Must be why the other students say such awful things about you.
    Applejack: Grrr...
    Sunset Shimmer: Obviously it's gonna be my coronation. I'm running unopposed.
    Pinkie Pie: Not this time. The new girl just signed up!
    Sunset Shimmer: What?!
    Pinkie Pie: I know. Her handwriting is really bad.
    Sunset Shimmer: [to herself] Where is this Twilight Sparkle? [laughs] [to Applejack and Pinkie Pie] I'm looking forward to meeting the competition!

    [students chatting]
    Sunset Shimmer: Can't believe I didn't recognize you earlier. Shoulda known Princess Celestia would send her prized pupil here after my crown, and her little dog, too.
    Twilight Sparkle: It's my crown!
    Sunset Shimmer: Whatever. This is just a minor setback for me. You don't know the first thing about this place, and I already rule it.
    Twilight Sparkle: If that's so, why do you even need my crown? You went to an awful lot of trouble to switch it with the one that belongs here.
    Sunset Shimmer: Pop quiz: what happens when you bring an Element of Harmony into an alternate world? You don't know? Seriously? [laughing] And you're supposed to be Princess Celestia's star student? Then again, what were the chances she'd find somepony as bright as me to take under her wing after I decided to leave Equestria? Bit embarrassing that you were the best she could do.
    Spike: [growls]
    Sunset Shimmer: Oh, and I'd keep an eye on your mutt. Hate for him to be... taken away from you.
    Spike: Is that a threat?
    Sunset Shimmer: Oh, of course not.
    Spike: [barks]
    Sunset Shimmer: But I'd cut down on the chatter if I were you. Don't want everyone to know you two don't belong here, now would you? You wanna be a princess here? Please. You don't know the first thing about fitting in.

    Sunset Shimmer: I want you to follow her. Bring me something I can use just like I did with that last girl who thought she could challenge me.
    Snips: You got it, Sunset Shimmer.
    Sunset Shimmer: When the crown and its power are mine, Twilight Sparkle will be sorry she ever set hoof into this world. Not that she would've been much safer if she'd stayed in Equestria.
    Snips: Yeah, in Equestria.
    Sunset Shimmer: What are you still doing here?! Go!
    Snips and Snails: Ow. Oh.

    [vending machine creaking]
    Twilight Sparkle: [grunts]
    Trixie Lulamoon: Excuse me. The Great and Powerful Trixie! ...Needs some peanut butter crackers.
    [machine clanks]
    Trixie Lulamoon: Voilà!
    Twilight Sparkle: Sunset Shimmer is right. I don't know the first thing about this place. If I'm gonna really fit in and win votes, we need to do some research.
    Spike: Research?
    Twilight Sparkle: This place has a school. I have to believe it's got a... library!
    Snips: Got your phone?
    Snails: Got yours?
    Snips and Snails: [snickering]
    Twilight Sparkle: So I just push the letters here, and then the words and moving pictures will come up here?
    Cheerilee: [sigh] That's right.
    Twilight Sparkle: Maybe this place does have magic.
    [music playing]
    Scootaloo: [in video] "When you're a younger–"
    [music shuts off]
    Cheerilee: Uh, girls, what are you doing?
    Sweetie Belle: We're just seeing how many hits our new music video has gotten.
    Scootaloo: [in video] "So the three of us will fight the fight..."
    Cheerilee: [groaning] No, just...
    Scootaloo: [in video] "There is nothing–"
    [music shuts off]
    Cheerilee: No! The school computers are for research purposes only.
    Apple Bloom: It's just as well, y'all. Some of the comments about our song were really awful. "Epic fail"... "Funniest thing I've ever seen"?!
    Sweetie Belle: Funniest thing they've ever seen, huh?
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh, I don't know that that's what you should take from... [sounds of exertion]
    Snips and Snails: [snickering]

    Twilight Sparkle: Whoa! Whoa! Waah!
    Cheerilee: Shhh!
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh... [nervous laughter]
    Snips and Snails: [snickering harder]
    Twilight Sparkle: Ugh.

    Twilight Sparkle: [yelps]

    Voice on P.A. system: The library will be closing in five minutes.
    Twilight Sparkle: [yawn] [gasp] I hadn't even thought about where we're gonna sleep tonight!
    Spike: Way ahead of you.

    Spike: It's a little [cough, cough] dusty. But it doesn't seem like anybody comes up here.
    Twilight Sparkle: It's perfect, Spike.
    Spike: So, how did your research go?
    Twilight Sparkle: I found this book. It's called a yearbook. It seems to be something they use to keep a record of things that have happened at the school. Look. That's Pinkie Pie, Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Fluttershy, and I'm gonna bet the girl on the far right is Rarity.
    Spike: There's a Rarity here!? Uh, I mean, uh... interesting photo.
    Twilight Sparkle: It's interesting because they look like they're friends.
    Spike: They do look like our friends. But I thought we'd figured that out already.
    Twilight Sparkle: No, I mean... they look like they're friends with each other. But it doesn't seem like they're friends now.
    Spike: Not so much.
    Twilight Sparkle: I just can't help but get the feeling that Sunset Shimmer had something to do with it.
    Spike: I wouldn't put it past her. But she wanted your crown 'cause she's planning on doing something even worse! If you're gonna stop her, you have to focus on making friends here. Can't worry about why these girls aren't friends anymore. Even if they [yawning] do remind you of your Ponyville friends.
    Twilight Sparkle: You're right, Spike. [sigh] Eye on the prize.

    Principal Celestia: [on P.A. system] Good morning, students, and happy Thursday. Just a reminder to pick up your ballots for the Princess of the Fall Formal today. They are due at the time the dance starts tomorrow night, so don't forget to turn them in and make your voice heard.
    Twilight Sparkle: Fluttershy said I'd need to win over all those different groups if I wanna become Princess of the Fall Formal. So I've compiled a list of talking points.
    Spike: [laughing] You made a list? That's so unlike you! [laughs nervously] Uh... Please... Continue.
    Twilight Sparkle: I'll start introducing myself, sprinkle in some things I learned about their world into the conversation, show them how I fit in here! [sigh] Okay, Spike. Time to make a good first impression on my fellow students. The whole world sorta depends on it.
    "Nolan North": Hey, look.
    [students laughing]
    Twilight Sparkle: Why is everybody looking at me funny? Whoa! What're you...? Why did you...? Rarity?
    Rarity: Perfect! Oh, yes. This is good! No one will recognize you!
    Twilight Sparkle: Why wouldn't I wanna be–
    Rarity: And we'll need a disguise for your dog, which is too bad. He really is so adorable! Y'know, with a little work, I think I could make him look like a rabbit instead.
    Spike: Huh?
    Twilight Sparkle: A rabbit?
    [door opens]
    Applejack: There you are, Twilight.
    Rarity: So much for the disguise.
    Applejack: I've been lookin' all over for ya!
    Fluttershy: Me too.
    Pinkie Pie: Me three! I like your new look!
    Rarity: I do have an eye for these sorts of things. Not that you seem to care.
    Pinkie Pie: What?!
    Twilight Sparkle: Why do you think she doesn't care? No, never mind. Why were you all looking for me? What's going on?
    Fluttershy: Oh, she hasn't seen it yet.
    Twilight Sparkle: Seen what?
    Pinkie Pie: Oh, it's really not that bad. [laughing nervously]
    Sunset Shimmer: [in video] Twilight Sparkle wants to be your Fall Formal Princess. But what does it say about our school if we give someone like this... such an important honor?
    Twilight Sparkle: Wha... I...
    Pinkie Pie: I take that back. It's pretty bad!
    Twilight Sparkle: But this all happened yesterday! At the library! Has everyone in the school seen this? Is that why they were all looking at me that way?
    Pinkie Pie and Applejack: Mmm...
    Twilight Sparkle: What am I gonna do? No one is gonna vote for me after seeing this!
    Fluttershy: Not that it'll make any difference, but I'll still vote for you.
    [thunk]
    Fluttershy: You were so nice to stand up for me when Sunset Shimmer was picking on me yesterday.
    Pinkie Pie: If ya still wanna run, maybe there's something I can do to help!
    Fluttershy: Word of advice? Don't accept her help. She doesn't take anything seriously!
    Pinkie Pie: Ugh! Why do you have to be so awful to me?
    Rarity: Oh! Pff. Kch. Ts! Don't play innocent, Pinkie Pie! You are no better than she is!
    Pinkie Pie: And what is that supposed to mean?!
    Rarity: [to Twilight] I am happy to offer up my assistance as well. [to Pinkie] To someone who would appreciate what I have to offer!
    [arguing]
    Applejack: Listen to y'all carryin' on! Get over it and move on!
    Rarity: You mean like how you've gotten over what happened with Rainbow Dash?
    Applejack: She said she'd get the softball team to make an appearance at my bake sale. I tell everybody they're comin', and then not one of 'em shows up! She made a liar outta me! That's different!
    Pinkie Pie and Rarity: Is not!
    Applejack: Is too!
    [arguing continues]
    Twilight Sparkle: STOP! All of you! I wanna show you something. You were friends once.
    Applejack: Hmm. The Freshman Fair. Y'all remember?
    Pinkie Pie: Mm-hmm.
    Rarity: Yes.
    Twilight Sparkle: But something happened. I think that something was Sunset Shimmer.
    Rarity: Well, it's a nice theory, darling, but Sunset Shimmer had nothing to do with it.
    Fluttershy: She's right. Sunset Shimmer isn't the one who ruined my silent auction for the animal shelter by bringing fireworks and noisemakers! It was supposed to be a serious event, and Pinkie Pie ruined it!
    Pinkie Pie: What are you talking about? I got a text from you saying that you didn't want a silent auction. You wanted a big party!
    Fluttershy: Uh! I never sent you a text!
    Pinkie Pie: You didn't?
    Rarity: You don't think she's the one who's been sending me those e-mails, do you? Every time I volunteer to help with the decorations at a school function, I get an e-mail from Pinkie Pie saying she has plenty of volunteers! And then I find out she's done everything herself.
    Pinkie Pie: I never sent you any e-mails!
    Applejack: Maybe she's the reason Rainbow Dash didn't show up for my bake sale!
    Twilight Sparkle: Didn't you ever ask Rainbow Dash why she didn't show up?
    Applejack: Heh, I guess I kinda stopped talkin' to her at all after that.
    Twilight Sparkle: Maybe now would be a good time to start.

    Rarity: They're actually talking! That's a good sign!
    Pinkie Pie: Hugs! Ooh, hugs are always good!
    Applejack: Somebody, and I think we can all guess who, told Rainbow Dash that my bake sale had been moved to a different day. Dash showed up with all the softball team and thought I'd cancelled on her!
    Rainbow Dash: So you're lookin' to dethrone Sunset Shimmer and become Princess of the Fall Formal, huh? Gotta say, I'd really love to see that happen. I'll totally help you out! All you gotta do is beat me in a game of one-on-one.
    Twilight Sparkle: What?
    Rainbow Dash: First to five goals wins. One-zip!

    [energetic music]
    Twilight Sparkle: [gasping]
    Rainbow Dash: That's game!
    Rarity: I... really thought you were gonna... pull it off there in the end! [laughs nervously]
    Rainbow Dash: So what's the plan? How can I help you be princess instead of Sunset Shimmer?
    Twilight Sparkle: But... I... lost!
    Rainbow Dash: Of course you lost. I'm awesome! But I'm not gonna help just anybody try and beat Sunset Shimmer. The Fall Formal Princess should be someone with heart and determination. You've proved that you've got 'em both!
    [cheering]
    Snips and Snails: [snickering]

    Twilight Sparkle: And... can I get mine with extra oats?
    Mrs. Cake: Oats?
    Twilight Sparkle: Uh, scratch that. However you normally make it is fine.
    [cup clatters]
    Flash Sentry: Oh! We've got to stop bumping into each other like this.
    Twilight Sparkle: You know me! Always trying to make a big splash around here. 'Cause my drink kinda splashed... on the ground! [nervous laughter] I'm gonna go over there now.
    Rarity: Don't even think about it! You're already trying to get her crown. Who knows what Sunset Shimmer would do if you ended up getting her ex-boyfriend too?
    Twilight Sparkle: I'm not trying to. I don't even know... We just accidentally... Ex-boyfriend?
    Fluttershy: Flash Sentry broke up with her a few weeks ago. I can't believe she hasn't done something awful to him yet.
    Twilight Sparkle: Maybe she's just waiting until she has the power to do something really awful.
    Applejack: All right, girls. Dance is tomorrow night, and we still don't know how we're gonna get Twilight the votes she needs to be named princess. Right now, folks only know the Twilight from the videos Sunset Shimmer posted online. We need to help 'em see her differently.
    [remarks of agreement]
    Rarity: I'VE GOT IT! Ahem. I mean, um, perhaps I have a solution. Now this may be an absolutely preposterous idea, but what if we all wore these as a sign of unity? Freshman year, they were very, very popular. A way for everybody to show their school spirit! You know? "Go, Canterlot Wondercolts!" Ahem. I haven't sold any in ages. I mean, the five of us are obviously very different, but deep down, we're all Canterlot Wondercolts! Sunset Shimmer is the one who divided us, Twilight Sparkle is the one who united us. And we're gonna let everyone know it! What do you think?

    [students chatting]
    [guitar strumming]
    [lunch tray thudding]
    [glasses thudding]
    [stomping and clapping]

    [Pinkie Pie, Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Fluttershy, Rarity]

        Hey, hey, everybody
        We've got something to say
        We may seem as different
        As the night is from day

        But you look a little deeper
        And you will see
        That I'm just like you
        And you're just like me
        Yeah!

        Hey, hey, everybody
        We're here to shout
        That the magic of friendship
        Is what it's all about

        Yeah, we thought we were different
        As the night is from the day
        Until Twilight Sparkle
        Helped us see another way

        So get up, get down
        If you're gonna come around
        We can work together
        Helping Twilight win the crown

        So get up, get down
        'Cause it's gonna make a sound
        If we work together
        Helping Twilight Sparkle win the crown

    [Pinkie Pie]

        Hey, hey, hands up now
        We're sending a message to the crowd
        Hands wave up, then come down
        We party together all around

    [Rarity]

        Generous, honesty

    [Applejack]

        Laughter, kindness, loyalty

    [Fluttershy]

        Twilight helped us each to see

    [Rainbow Dash]

        All that we can be!

    [Pinkie Pie, Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Fluttershy, Rarity]

        So get up, get down
        If you're gonna come around
        We can work together
        Helping Twilight win the crown

        So get up, get down
        'Cause it's gonna make a sound
        If we work together
        Helping Twilight Sparkle win the crown

    [Twilight Sparkle]

        I'm gonna be myself
        No matter what I do
        And if we're different, yeah
        I want you to be true to you

        If you follow me
        We'll put our differences aside
        We'll stick together and
        Start working on that school pride!

    [All students]

        Jump up, make a sound (Hey!)
        Stomp your hooves, turn around
        Start now, make a change
        Gonna come around

        Jump up, make a sound (Hey!)
        Stomp your hooves, turn around
        Canterlot Wondercolts
        Help her win the crown

        Jump up, make a sound (Hey!)
        Stomp your hooves, turn around
        Start now, make a change
        Gonna come around

        Jump up, make a sound (Hey!)
        Stomp your hooves, turn around
        Canterlot Wondercolts
        Help her win the crown

        Jump up, make a sound (Hey!)
        Stomp your hooves, turn around
        Start now, make a change
        Gonna come around

        Jump up, make a sound (Hey!)
        Stomp your hooves, turn around
        Canterlot...

    [song continues in the background]
    Sunset Shimmer: Take those off! I have something I need you to do.

    [school bell rings]
    [student chatting]
    Rarity: Doesn't everyone look just fabulous?
    Twilight Sparkle: It was a great idea, Rarity!
    Applejack: Don't know what she's smilin' about. Twilight's the one that's gonna be Princess of the Fall Formal.
    [knock knock knock]
    Sunset Shimmer: Vice Principal Luna! Something terrible has happened!

    Sunset Shimmer: Isn't this just awful? And after Pinkie Pie worked so hard to make things so perfect! Why would Twilight Sparkle do something like this?
    Vice Principal Luna: Why would you think Twilight was responsible for something like this?
    Sunset Shimmer: Because I have proof.

    Twilight Sparkle: But... But I don't understand!
    Vice Principal Luna: This is clearly you in the photographs, is it not?
    Twilight Sparkle: Yes, but...
    Vice Principal Luna: I think it should be fairly obvious that the school cannot let someone who would do something like this compete for the Fall Formal crown.
    [knock knock]
    Flash Sentry: Vice Principal Luna. I found these in a trash can in the library. Thought you should see them. Someone obviously combined these photos to make it look like Twilight was the one who trashed the gym.
    Vice Principal Luna: I appreciate you bringing these to my attention, Flash. In light of this new evidence, you may of course continue your bid to be crowned the Princess of the Fall Formal.
    Twilight Sparkle: Thank you! You have no idea how important this is to me!
    Flash Sentry: (chuckles) What was I gonna do? Not prove your innocence? Wouldn't be much of a Canterlot Wondercolt, would I?
    Vice Principal Luna: I am afraid enough damage has been done to the gym that we will have to postpone the dance until tomorrow night. If you will excuse me, I need to let my sister know about this latest development.
    Flash Sentry: So, uh, I was wondering. If you aren't already going with somebody, wanna go to the Fall Formal with me tomorrow night?
    Twilight Sparkle: That would be... Tomorrow night!? No, no-no-no-no-no, no no no no no! Nonononono! I can't! The portal! That'll be too late! [panting]
    Flash Sentry: One "no" would have been fine!

    Rarity: Everything okay in there?
    Twilight Sparkle: Yes! [to herself] Only it's not okay. It's not okay at all! If I don't get my crown tonight, I won't be able to go back to Equestria for another thirty moons! Oh, what are we gonna do?
    Spike: Hmm. We tell them the truth. Let them know what's really at stake if you don't get the crown tonight. They'll help us figure somethin' out.
    Twilight Sparkle: But what if they won't? What if when they find out how different I really am...?
    Spike: Twilight, these girls rallied around you 'cause they saw what was in your heart. They aren't gonna feel any differently about you when they find out you're a pony princess in Equestria.
    Twilight Sparkle: I'm glad you followed me here, Spike.
    Spike: Me too. Unless, of course, we get stuck here for another thirty moons.
    Applejack: You okay?
    Twilight Sparkle: The Fall Formal isn't happening tonight.
    Pinkie Pie: WHAT!?
    Twilight Sparkle: It had to be postponed because Sunset Shimmer had Snips and Snails ruin all of Pinkie Pie's decorations.
    Pinkie Pie: WHAT?!?
    Twilight Sparkle: But the Fall Formal has to happen tonight.
    Pinkie Pie: Wha–!
    Twilight Sparkle: [sigh] You see...
    Pinkie Pie: You're from an alternate world and you're a pony princess there and the crown actually has a magical element embedded in it that helps power up other magical elements, and without it, they don't work anymore, and you need them to help protect your magical world, and if you don't get the crown tonight, you'll be stuck in this world and you won't be able to get back for, like, a really, really long time! [squee]
    Rainbow Dash: Yeah, I'm pretty sure that isn't the reason.
    Spike: Nope, she's pretty much spot-on.
    Rarity: He can talk!?
    Spike: Oh, yeah! And back where I come from, I'm not even a dog! I'm a ferocious, fire-breathing dragon!
    Fluttershy: This is so amazing! Tell me, what are you thinking right now?
    Spike: Sure would love a scratch behind the old ears!
    Rarity: Gah...
    Spike: Uh, maybe later.
    Twilight Sparkle: How did you know all that?
    Pinkie Pie: Just a hunch.
    Applejack: Wait a minute! Lemme get this straight. You're a pony?
    Rarity: You're a princess?
    Fluttershy: You're from another world?
    Twilight Sparkle: [gulp] Mm-hmm.
    Rainbow Dash: That... is... awesome!
    [excited chatter]
    Spike: See? Told ya.

    Rarity: I simply cannot believe they did all this!
    Pinkie Pie: If I only had some kind of... party cannon that could decorate everything super fast!
    Twilight Sparkle: I know it seems impossible, but, maybe if we all work together?
    Applejack: Now that's the kinda can-do spirit I'm lookin' for in a Fall Formal Princess! Let's do it, y'all!
    Rarity: Absolutely!
    Rainbow Dash: Rock on!
    Pinkie Pie: Yes, indeedily!
    Fluttershy: [whispers] Yaaay!

    [Twilight Sparkle]

        It's time for us to come together
        It's the only way that things will get better
        It's time for us to take a stand
        So come on and lend a helping hand

    [All]

        Fix it up
        Yeah, it's all right
        We'll get it ready by tonight

        Mix it up
        Yeah, help a friend
        We'll come together in the end

    [Pinkie Pie and Rainbow Dash]

        It's time to show that we've got school spirit
        Raise your voice and let everyone hear it

    [Rarity and Applejack]

        It's time to show that we're strong
        So come on, everybody, sing along

    [All]

        (Look...) Look how we've all come together
        (Things...) Things are only just starting to get better
        (Look...) Look how we've all come together
        (Things...) Things are only gonna get better, better, better, better!

        (We... will...) Fix it up, yeah, it's all right
        (Come... tonight, tonight...) We'll get it ready by tonight
        (We... will...) Mix it up, yeah, help a friend
        (Come... together, together...) We'll come together in the end
        (We... will...) Fix it up, yeah, it's all right
        (Come... tonight, tonight...) We'll get it ready by tonight
        (We... will...) Mix it up, yeah, help a friend
        (Come... together, together...) We'll come together, together now!

    Pinkie Pie: This... looks... sooooo... GOOD!
    Principal Celestia: [clapping] All right, everyone! Fall Formal is back on for this evening.
    [students cheering]
    Principal Celestia: So you'd better get out of here and start getting ready. Oh, and don't forget to cast your ballots for the Fall Formal Princess on your way out!
    "Scott Green": You got my vote, Twilight.
    "Cloudy Kicks": Mine, too!
    Girl #2: Mine too!
    Girl #3: Mine too!
    Sunset Shimmer: You're lucky she was able to pull this off. Next time I ask you to make a mess of things, try to show a little restraint! I need this Formal to go on tonight just as much as she does.

    Fluttershy: I still can't believe we pulled that off!
    Rainbow Dash: I can! We're awesome!
    Rarity: Enough chatter, girls. We need to get ready, and we need to look fabulous!

    [All]

        This is our big night
        We're getting ready
        And we're doing it up right

        This is our big night
        Friendship survived,
        Now we'll start it out right

        The time's right, gonna make it last 'cause it's the first night
        That we're ever gonna start to just have fun together
        We're so glad, so happy we could never be mad
        Did it right now, this is our big night now

        Six friends on the way up now
        Six friends here to show you how

        This is our big night
        We're getting ready
        And we're doing it up right

        This is our big night
        We made it happen
        Now let's party all night

        This is our big night
        This is our big night
        This is our big night
        This is our big night

    [limo pulls up]
    [girls laughing]
    [car pulls up]
    Flash Sentry: Uh, Twilight! Look, I know you said "no" about going to the Fall Formal with me, but would you reconsider and at least have one dance?
    Twilight Sparkle: I didn't say "no"! I mean, I did, but... I didn't mean no, to you. I was... Well, what I mean is... yes. I'd love to dance with you!
    [smack]

    [rock music]
    Twilight Sparkle: Anybody see Sunset Shimmer?
    Rainbow Dash: Maybe she was too embarrassed to show! She's gotta know you won by a landslide!
    Twilight Sparkle: Maybe...
    [music ends]
    [cheering]
    Principal Celestia: First off, I wanna say how wonderful everything looks tonight. You all did a magnificent job pulling things together after the unfortunate events of earlier. And now, without further ado, I'd like to announce the winner of this year's Fall Formal crown. The Princess of this year's Fall Formal is... Twilight Sparkle!
    [students cheering]
    Principal Celestia: Congratulations, Twilight.
    Spike: Twilight! Help!
    Twilight Sparkle: Spike?
    Spike: [growling]
    Twilight Sparkle: They've got Spike!

    Sunset Shimmer: That's close enough!
    Spike: Twilight!
    Twilight Sparkle: Don't hurt him!
    Sunset Shimmer: Oh, I wouldn't dream of it. I'm not a monster, Twilight. [to Snips and Snails] Let him go. [to Twilight] You don't belong here. Give me the crown, and you can go back to Equestria tonight. Or keep it and never go home.
    Twilight Sparkle: [gasp]
    Sunset Shimmer: Tick-tock, Twilight. We haven't got all night. The portal will be closing on its own in less than an hour. So, what's your answer?
    Twilight Sparkle: No.
    Sunset Shimmer: What!? Equestria! Your friends! Lost to you forever! Don't you see what I'm about to do to the portal?!
    Twilight Sparkle: Yes, but I've also seen what you've been able to do here without magic. Equestria will find a way to survive without my Element of Harmony. This place might not, if I allow it to fall into your hands. So go ahead. Destroy the portal. You are not getting this crown!
    Sunset Shimmer: Fine. You win.
    Rainbow Dash: You... are... so awesome!
    Applejack: I can't believe you were gonna do that for us!
    Rarity: It's no wonder you're a real live princess!
    Sunset Shimmer: Oh, yes, she's so very special! [to Snips and Snails] Grab him, you fools!
    Spike: [whimpering]
    Rainbow Dash: Spike! Spike! Fluttershy!
    Sunset Shimmer: I'll take that! [chuckles evilly] At last! More power than I could ever imagine!
    [students gasp]
    [thunder rumbles]
    Sunset Shimmer: [evil laughter]
    Main cast: [gasps]
    Snips: This is gonna be so cool!
    [students screaming]
    Sunset Shimmer: I've had to jump through so many hoops tonight just to get my hands on this crown, and it really should have been mine all along. [growls] But let's let bygones be bygones. I am your princess now, and you will be loyal... to me!
    [students screaming, Wilhelm scream]
    [entranced moaning]
    Sunset Shimmer: [to Snips and Snails] Round them up and bring them to the portal. [to Twilight and friends] Spoiler alert: I was bluffing when I said I was going to destroy the portal. I don't want to rule this pathetic little high school; I want Equestria! And with my own little teenage army behind me, I am going to get it!
    [zombie-like moans]
    Twilight Sparkle: No, you're not!
    Sunset Shimmer: Oh, please! What exactly do you think you're going to do to stop me? I have magic, and you have nothing!
    Rainbow Dash: She has us!
    Sunset Shimmer: [growls, evil laughter] Gee, the gang really is all back together again. [evil laughter] Now step aside! Twilight has tried to interfere with my plans one too many times already! She needs to be dealt with! [evil laughter] What!?
    Twilight Sparkle: The magic contained in my Element was able to unite with those that helped create it! [echoing] Honesty! Kindness! Laughter! Generosity! Loyalty! Magic! Together with a crown, they create a power beyond anything you could imagine, but it is a power you don't have the ability to control! The crown may be upon your head, Sunset Shimmer, but you cannot wield it, because you do not possess the most powerful magic of all: the magic of friendship!
    Sunset Shimmer: No! [screaming] What is happening?!
    Twilight Sparkle: Here and in Equestria, it is the only magic that can truly unite us all!

    Twilight Sparkle: You will never rule in Equestria. Any power you may have had in this world is gone. Tonight, you've shown everyone who you really are. You've shown them what is in your heart.
    Sunset Shimmer: [crying] I-I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't know there was another way.
    Twilight Sparkle: The magic of friendship doesn't just exist in Equestria. It's everywhere. You can seek it out, or you can forever be alone. The choice is yours.
    Sunset Shimmer: But... But all I've ever done since being here is drive everyone apart. I don't know the first thing about friendship.
    Twilight Sparkle: I bet they can teach you.
    Spike: Those are my girls! Woo-hoo!
    "Brawly Beats": Did that dog just talk? Whoa. Weird.
    Spike: Seriously? The talking dog is a weird thing about all this?
    Rarity: I, for one, think you're adorable.
    Spike: Oh, yeah.
    Principal Celestia: I believe this belongs to you. A true princess in any world leads not by forcing others to bow before her, but by inspiring others to stand with her. We have all seen that you are capable of just that. I hope you see it too, Princess Twilight.
    Twilight Sparkle: I do.
    [crowd cheers]
    Flash Sentry: Would now be a completely awkward time to ask you for that dance?
    Twilight Sparkle: [giggles]

    [All]

        This is our big night
        We made it happen
        Now let's party all night

        We're here now and we worked so hard to make it come around
        To tonight so let's try to make it last forever
        The school lights so bright, beat is pumping through the night
        Party's starting, DJ's got the music just right!

        Six friends on the way up now
        Six friends here to show you how

        This is our big night
        This is our big night
        This is our big night

    Main cast: [giggling]
    Twilight Sparkle: You'll look out for her, won't you?
    Rarity: Of course we will. Although I do expect some sort of apology for last spring's debacle.
    Twilight Sparkle: I have a feeling she'll be handing out a lot of apologies.
    Spike: We better get going.
    Twilight Sparkle: I know we've only been friends for a short time, but I'm gonna miss all of you so much. [sigh]
    Spike: That crown really does suit you, Princess Twilight.
    Twilight Sparkle: You know what, Spike? I am starting to feel a little more comfortable wearing it.
    Spike: And the wings?
    Twilight Sparkle: I've been walking on two legs and picking things up with these! Wings? I'm thrilled that's all I'll be dealing with back in Equestria!
    [thud]
    Pinkie Pie: Oh, bummer!

    Fluttershy: Twilight!
    Rainbow Dash: Ah, you're back!
    Rarity: You've got your crown!
    Pinkie Pie: I knew you could do it!
    Applejack: Oh, we were so worried.
    Princess Celestia: Sunset Shimmer, is she alright?
    Twilight Sparkle: I think she's gonna be fine. I left her in good hands.
    Rainbow Dash: What are hands?

    Fluttershy: Where did you stay?
    Rarity: What did they wear?
    Pinkie Pie: Did ya have fun?
    Applejack: What'd ya eat?
    Rainbow Dash: Would ya say she's just as awesome as me?
    Twilight Sparkle: [sigh] I wanna tell you all everything, I do, but I'm just so exhausted from all the dancing.
    Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Applejack, Fluttershy, Rarity, Princess Cadance: Dancing?!
    Twilight Sparkle and Flash Sentry: Oh.
    Flash Sentry: We've got to stop bumping into each other like this.
    Twilight Sparkle: Who was that?
    Princess Cadance: He's a new member of the castle guard. Flash Sentry, I think. Why? Do you know him?
    Twilight Sparkle: Not exactly.
    Applejack: Oooh! Somepony's got a crush on the new guy!
    Twilight Sparkle: No. No, I don't.
    Rarity: [gasp] She does! She absolutely does!
    Twilight Sparkle: Don't be ridiculous. I don't even know him. He just...
    Pinkie Pie: Totally reminds you of a guy you met in the other world who played guitar, was in a band, and helped prove you didn't destroy all the decorations for a big dance, so you could still run for princess of the big dance, and then asked you to dance at that dance?! [big breath] Right?
    Twilight Sparkle: How did you know that?
    Pinkie Pie: Just a hunch!

    [credits]

    [Singer]

        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

        I couldn't see what was
        Right there in front of me
        Turned my back
        Got my mind off track
        Yeah
        You saw a world that was
        Something new entirely
        Helped me to see
        All the possibilities

        Oooohhhhh....
        Like a star in the day light
        Or like a diamond at night
        Your light was hidden
        From my sight

        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

        Every friendship is tested
        You say you're sincere
        But it's all unclear now
        But with a word
        Everything changes
        And just like that
        You and I are right back

        Oohhh....
        Like a star in the day light (Star in the day light)
        Or like a diamond at night (Diamond at night)
        Your light will shine
        When the time is right

        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

        When I put my hand out
        And I thought I would fall
        You knew what I needed
        And you came around
        To fix it all

        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        Ooohh-wa-ooohh
        (Like a star in the day light)
        A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)
        (Like a diamond at night)

        Ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohhh
        That's what you are to me